fix: Incorrect error message when periodlimit is not set on a feegrant tx (#10050)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* [\#9829](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9829) Fixed Coin denom sorting not being checked during `Balance.Validate` check. Refactored the Validation logic to use `Coins.Validate` for `Balance.Coins`.
+ [\#9965](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9965) Fixed `simd version` command output to report the right release tag.
+ [\#9980](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9980) Returning the error when the invalid argument is passed to bank query total supply cli.

> * [\#10049](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10049) Fixed the error message when periodlimit is not set on a feegrant tx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/feegrant) [\#10049](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10049) Fixed the error message when `period` or `period-limit` flag is not set on a feegrant grant tx
```

Author: Updated!

> * (x/feegrant) [\#10049](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10049) Fixed the error message when `period` or `period-limit` flag is not set on a feegrant grant tx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* (x/feegrant) [\#10049](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10049) Fixed the error message when `period` or `period-limit` flag is not set on a feegrant grant transaction.
```
